Okay before making a UI I want to add some functionalities, note that these functionalities maybe easier to add when I am making the UI, also the app is platform independent so keep that in mind for each feature, and the "mod"
here means everything resource pack, .jar mod, shaderpack,etc.
following are the functionalites:

Feature: Mod management
1. Since I am making "Mod Manager" I want to add the feature in app where the user can manage their mod like add, delete mods by their choice basically they make a mod pack out of it.
2. the mod pack will install all dependencies of the selected mod like Minihud mod requires Malilib mod as dependency and the Malilib gets downladed automatically without the user requiring to select it.
3. the selected mods will automatically gets downloaded in to mods folder in .minecraft/mods folder, and the unselected mods get stored in a seperate folder within the .minecraft folder as a temp folder for my app.
4. the mods which are not used in a while (inside temp folder) will get deleted, that I decide when to delete them.

Feature: recommendation
1. I want to curate the mod recommendation to the user based on their downloads and current mod pack.
2. If it requires Machine learning part then it will be more fruitful for me.

Feature: coupling with minecraft
1. I just provide a mod manager, but user need to themselves, select version and loader themselves, so I want to make sure that user selects the appropirate option
    either themselves or by my mod manager somehow.

Feature: UI feature/App features
1. Have multiple sections like: recommended for you, some scenario based reccomendation, shader + resource pack + mod mod packs (created by me)
2. A profile of every user or a login profile (I do not want any user data)
3. dark/light/oled UI.
4. Platform independent UI Examples: Discord, Vs code, spotify (Platform dependent ui examples: 7zip, WinRAR)

points you need to consider:
1. Mod means everything shaderpacks, resource packs, mods, etc.
2. You can Imagine this app as spotify for minecraft where people listen songs (download mods), make playlists (make modpacks), spotify reccomends songs (mod reccomendation)

What I expect from you:
1. I need you to tell me whether everything I mention is achievable or not.
2. if they are then what things to do first or before I start to build the UI.
3. What are extra things like they may not need to get added now but in future they can be added since I want to make this project quickly.
4. From what I am seeing the coupling,recommdation and some UI features part can wait. 
